Update port-forwarding.md (#137)
BeamMP/Docs: docs/en/server/port-forwarding.md

## Still not working?

> Your ISP could be using CGNAT (Carrier Grade Network Address Translation). For more details, please check [How to check for CGNAT?](https://docs.beammp.com/FAQ/How-to-check-for-CGNAT/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your ISP could be using CGNAT (Carrier Grade Network Address Translation). For more details, please check [How to check for CGNAT?](../FAQ/How-to-check-for-CGNAT.md)
```
Internal links can point to the file directly

Author: Does this make it link to the docs though?

Reviewer: Yes

Reviewer: `Getting started` for example has a link to the Dev Environment Setup, that is done like this
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a971f811-e377-48a6-aea9-81fbe7fdd48b)
